Alright, let's bring it all together.
Today you learned Memorise the five RADIO phases and their purpose.
Allocate the correct time budget to each phase.
Understand why skipping any phase is penalised.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
And here's the most important thing: don't just watch this and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone else.
That's how it sticks.
If you want the complete System Design Interview Framework course with cheatsheets, interactive quizzes, and mock interview questions, head over to guru-sishya.in slash system-design-interview-framework.
It's all there waiting for you.
Drop a like if this helped, and I'll see you in the next one.
You now know how to memorise the five radio phases and their purpose, allocate the correct time budget to each phase, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!